NOTE:
The license below covers Pixel Sagas freeware and shareware fonts.
Nyctographic, which is used in the Keybase app, is a freeware font and can be
downloaded at http://www.pixelsagas.com/?page_id=3230.

LICENSE:
Shareware/ Font License

Pixel Sagas Freeware Fonts EULA (End User License Agreement) and Software
Inclusion Agreement

"Purchaser" and "User" may be used interchangeably in this agreement.

"Pixel Sagas" and "Neale Davidson" may be used interchangeably in this
agreement. These all refer to the intellectual and legal property of Neale
Davidson.

Usage

Pixel Saga's Shareware Fonts are free to use for personal, non-commercial
purposes. No payment is necessary to use Pixel Saga's Freeware Fonts for
personal use, and there is no limit to the amount of prints, pages, or other
medium to be produced using them. However, you cannot offer the font for
commercial sale, or offer for direct download. The inclusion othe font name
and/or site URL in the credits or documentation when it is used is appreciated,
but this is not mandatory.

Payment

Payment is not required for the use of Pixel Saga's Shareware Fonts. Commercial
use requires a modest fee which can be paid through the pixelsagas.com web site
through Paypal.com's services. The transaction receipt for any shareware
"commercial license" purchase will suffice as proof of license.

Support

Font installation help is available at http://www.pixelsagas.com. If you
experience problems with any Pixel Saga's Freeware font (such as spacing issues
or missing characters), please verify that you have the correct and current
version of the fonts. In the case of Freeware fonts, downloading the font
directly from the Pixel Sagas site will ensure that the font files have not
been altered.

Software Inclusion Agreement

Pixel Saga's software products are protected by copyright laws and
International copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws
and treaties. All Pixel Saga's software products are licensed, not sold.

1) GRANT OF LICENSE

This document grants the user the following rights:

Installation and Use. The user may install and use an unlimited number of
copies of the software product. The user may not offer Pixel Sagas freeware
fonts for direct download unless the user has received explicit, written
permission from Neale Davidson. Otherwise please direct users to the
http://www.pixelsagas.com website. Pixel Sagas freeware fonts may, however, be
embedded for web, publication, or general software use.

2) WARRANTIES

None

Pixel Sagas expressly disclaims any warranty for the software product. The
software product and any related documentation is provided "as is" without
warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation,
the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or
non-infringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of the
software product remains with the user.

No Liability For Consequential Damages.

In no event shall Neale Davidson or Pixel Sagas be liable for any damages
whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business
profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other
pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use this product,
even if Pixel Sagas has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

3) MISCELLANEOUS

Should the user have any questions concerning this document or you desire to
contact Neale Davidson for any reason, please email jaynz@pixelsagas.com .

Governing Law

This agreement is governed by and subject to the laws of the United States of
America.
